Hi guys, what's up?
Another skit about the job market in
partnership with DR And today, oh, I'm
going to pull your ear, but I'm also going
to give you a little kiss Because we're
going to talk about what to do and what
not to do in job interviews Because I want
you, once and for all, my people, to
stop paying for micro interviews Agreed?
Then come with me!
Hello, welcome to the interview.
I would like you to start by
telling us a little about yourself.
Ok, I am a nice, cheerful, high spirits
person My parents always said that I am
very intelligent And in addition, very
special And I agree with them, of course
Well, I am a person who I am very
committed To my personal and professional
development I really like to study to
improve myself I am graduated in marketing
with extension and people management which
by the way is my passion Even my
professional goals they are linked
to education and development.
Of people Well, let's talk now about your
professional experiences Why did
you leave your last company?
Look, I left because it was hell working
there I was always arguing with my boss He
kept demanding a lot of absurd things from
me And he only gave promotions to those
who pulled his strings Yeah, exactly, I'm
not a puller and I wasn't obliged to put
up with this horrible situation So, do
you know what I did to get sent away?
I started missing work, I started doing
everything wrong and It worked out because
of conflicts of values and lack of
communication, because this company there
had a work system that I was not used to.
I tried to adapt, I tried to talk, to
answer questions, to make a more strategic
alignment, but unfortunately they did not
have the culture of giving
this openness to employees.
So, unfortunately, our
partnership there ended.
I see here on your resume that you
spent some time without work, right?
What did you do during that time?
Look, I really tried, I didn't go to hire
in the market, but it was impossible You
know, the crisis in Brazil, a horrible
thing And the companies, they don't like
me because I sent a resume to all of them
None gave me any feedback HR is also to
blame because you only hire people who
have IQ That's not fair,
it wasn't my fault!
In the meantime I tried to take advantage
of the time to develop professionally
Because the crisis really
affected me a little bit, right?
It delayed my return to the labor market a
little bit So I tried to read books, I
tried to take courses Mainly distance
courses So I could really have a more
attractive curriculum And now I'm
returning to the market,
much more prepared.
How interesting And what
are your career goals?
Look, my biggest professional goal is to
be hired by a company that pays me very
well, that gives me many benefits and
especially that I appreciate the fact that
I am working with it I want to continue
developing professionally, improving
myself, because obviously I am interested
in growing my career Even to be able to
contribute more, not only to my team, but
to my company Another thing I really want
to do is teach classes,
especially in colleges.
It is important to prepare new
professionals for the future.
I want you to tell me now what
your strengths AND weaknesses are.
Ah, weak point is easy I'm very
perfectionist You don't understand Because
I'm very demanding I'm very
responsible, I'm very committed.
Even too much.
Now, strong point, let me think.
Ah, so, I know I'm going to sound
repetitive, but it's perfectionist too.
Because, well, I like perfection.
That's it.
Regarding my weakness, I would
say that I am very anxious.
This has already harmed me for some time
in my professional life, but today
I am aware of why I get so anxious.
Usually when things are very important to
me, or when I'm waiting for good news, or
waiting for a good result,
I end up getting anxious.
So today what do I do?
I try to focus on the present moment.
I try to get involved with activities in
the here and now, because then it helps me
to control anxiety and
makes me more productive.
Now tell me what was your
best result within a company?
Any innovation you made?
That's a very easy one.
Arrive every day on time.
If you see my time card, impeccable.
That was the best result I
could deliver to a company.
Next.
Through the trainings I gave, it was very
interesting because we managed to increase
the retention of people in the classroom
by 70%, in addition to contributing to our
client's sales, with more assertive
trainings, according to the
reality of the salespeople.
Thinking now about the future, where
do you see yourself in a year's time?
About 5 years from now?
Guys, like this, you HR people
ask every clueless question.
Aren't you ashamed?
So, I don't even know if I'll be alive in
five years' time, buddy But just so you're
happy, and we can finish this interview
soon, I want to be rich, I want to earn on
the average scene so I
never have to work again.
I think that's a good answer.
I already see myself at a higher level in
my career, I intend to be a director, I
know there is a path for that, so I am
already preparing for this challenge And
also, as I said before, I want
to be a college professor.
So, to wrap it up, many competitors are
competing for this position I wanted you
to tell me what your differential is Why
our company should hire you Since you are
competing with so many people, right!
?
Wait, you said you have
a lot of applicants.
How many vacancies do you have to offer?
Sir, for God's sake, what do you mean?
You I'm already getting nervous, because I
need this job, you don't
understand, I'm full of debt!
I'm already in the SPC, I'm already in
Serasa For God's sake,
man, hire me I need it!
!
I think you should hire me because I am a
professional who already has experience in
other areas and I can contribute with this
more strategic vision I also really like
working in a team I don't like to retain
knowledge I think we have to come together
to do a good job and I will certainly
bring good results to the company.